DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide: Single-Service Deployment (Unified) 🚀

I've unified your project! Now you only need to deploy **one** service on Render. The backend will server the frontend automatically.

## Step 1: Push latest changes to GitHub
Run these commands in your terminal to sync the unified setup:
```powershell
git add .
git commit -m "chore: unify frontend and backend for single deployment"
git push origin main
```

## Step 2: Deploy to Render (The Only File/Service You Need)
1. Sign up/Login to [Render.com](https://render.com/).
2. Click **New +** > **Web Service**.
3. Connect your GitHub repository `AI-Portfolio`.
4. Set these configurations:
   - **Name**: `vrinda-ai-portfolio`
   - **Root Directory**: `(Leave Blank - keep it as root)`
   - **Runtime**: `Python 3`
   - **Build Command**: `cd frontend && npm install && npm run build && cd ../backend && pip install -r requirements.txt`
   - **Start Command**: `cd backend && gunicorn -w 4 -k uvicorn.workers.UvicornWorker main:app`
5. **Environment Variables**:
   - `OPENROUTER_API_KEY`: Your key from `.env`
   - `OPENROUTER_MODEL`: `google/gemini-2.0-flash-exp:free`
   - `PYTHONPATH`: `backend` (This helps gunicorn find your files)
6. Click **Create Web Service**.

## Why this is better?
- **One URL**: Your frontend and backend live on the same link.
- **No CORS**: No more "Failed to fetch" errors.
- **Simpler**: You only manage one dashboard.

---
*Note: The first build might take 2-3 minutes because it's building both React and Python.*

Commit message:

Configure project for Render deployment

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide: Accessing Your Portfolio Globally

To receive **extra consideration** and make your portfolio accessible to anyone (not just on `localhost`), follow these refined steps.

## Option 1: Cloudflare Tunnels (Recommended for Local Dev)
Cloudflare provides a highly professional, free way to expose your local server to a public URL.

1. **Install Cloudflared**: Download the binary from [Cloudflare's website](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/).
2. **Run the Tunnel**:
   - Open a new terminal.
   - Run: `cloudflared tunnel --url http://localhost:5173`
3. **Outcome**: Cloudflare will provide a `https://xyz.trycloudflare.com` URL. Share this with your target audience!

## Option 2: Ngrok (Fastest Setup)
1. **Install Ngrok**: `npm install -g ngrok`
2. **Run**: `ngrok http 5173`
3. **Outcome**: You'll get a public URL immediately.

## Option 3: Professional Deployment (State-of-the-Art)
For a permanent solution:
- **Frontend**: Deploy to **Vercel** or **Netlify** (Free tier). You just need to link your GitHub repo.
- **Backend**: Deploy to **Render** or **Railway** (Free tier). 
  - *Note*: Ensure your `Chat.tsx` in the frontend points to the new backend URL instead of `localhost:8000`.

## Backend Decision: Why OpenRouter?
You asked if OpenRouter is compulsory. **No, it isn't**, but it is a **mark of technical maturity**. 
By choosing OpenRouter:
- You move from "Keyword matching" to **Natural Language Understanding**.
- You implement a proper **RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation)** flow.
- You show recruiters you can work with modern AI APIs and secure environment variables.

---
**Vrinda's AI Portfolio is now pre-configured for OpenRouter.** Simply ensure your `.env` has a valid key, and the bot will behave like a real human assistant.
